[Music]
we are girls that were curvy we want to
embrace our curves it's okay to have
tits and ass let's enjoy it let's show
it off but in a sexy way and this is why
we love Khloe Kardashian the reality
superstar cantered along to the launch
of the Lipsy Kardashian collection in
London and told us all about how their
clan have family values when it comes to
sexiness especially when managing the
younger members on the note of sexiness
I feel like your clothing to always hit
this sort of bright tone of sexy with
having younger sisters you feel almost
like a responsibility to be like this is
a good way to be sexy don't twerk maybe
yeah won't work maybe well you know my
sisters are on that one's 1818 and 16
and they are such great girls and
they're really like for everything like
the world they live in they could be so
wild and crazy and they're really just
like they horseback ride they go to
school they have their own collection
they love fashion we get a lot of
inspiration from them and also they get
a lot of inspiration from us they borrow
a lot of our clothes and it I think it
is something that you have to look out
for even for my nephews and nieces you
want to carry yourself in a certain way
so they see that as an example although
she was happy to admit she wasn't always
a shining fashion example I used to wear
a Sean John which is you know Sean John
velour men's sweat suits because they
were comfortable at alt like literally
at all times I don't know why I just
thought it was cool when I was like 15
years old and it was the ugliest thing
ever like wear a sweat suit I don't care
but not a men sweat suit I don't know
why something in my head told me that
was okay
comfy I'm glad you think it's adorable
but nobody else did my sisters were
letting life
wrong with you so that was definitely
not a good time in my life but hey look
at me now just kidding
yeah she sent the tracksuit packing but
there is still some fashion mistakes
that are slightly out of her control I
think we just embraced camel toe I don't
know if you ever conquer it because it's
just there like you can't do anything
we've just learned to embrace it
CTC cover the camel coat the cap oh yeah